Re-structure list of breaking changes. (#10114)
ethereum/solidity: docs/080-breaking-changes.rst

********************************

This section highlights the main breaking changes introduced in Solidity
version 0.8.0.
For the full list check
`the release changelog <https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.8.0>`_.

Silent Changes of the Semantics
===============================

This section lists changes where existing code changes its behaviour without
the compiler notifying you about it.

* Arithmetic operations revert on underflow and overflow. You can use ``unchecked { ... }`` to use
  the previous wrapping behaviour.

Checks for overflow are very common, so we made them the default to increase readability of code,
even if it comes at a slight increase of gas costs.

* Exponentiation is right associative, i.e., the expression ``a**b**c`` is parsed as ``a**(b**c)``.
  Before 0.8.0, it was parsed as ``(a**b)**c``.

This is the common way to parse the exponentation operator.

> * Failing assertions and other internal checks like division by zero or arithmetic overflow do
>   not use the invalid opcode but instead revert
>   with error data equal to a function call to ``Panic(uint256)`` with an error code specific
>   to the circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Failing assertions and other internal checks like division by zero or arithmetic overflow do
  not use the invalid opcode but reverts instead. The error data of the revert is a function call to ``Panic(uint256)`` with an error code specific
  to the circumstances.
```

This will save gas on errors while it still allows static analysis tools to detect these situations.

New Restrictions
================

* Explicit conversions from negative literals and literals larger
  than ``type(uint160).max`` to ``address`` are disallowed.

> The previous behaviour was likely ambiguous.

Reviewer 2: It sounds like it's a continuation of the bullet point. Shouldn't this be part of it?
```suggestion
  The previous behaviour was likely ambiguous.
```

Same for the other paragraphs interspersed with bullet points in this file.
